gh-123084: Turn `shutil.ExecError` into a deprecated alias of `RuntimeError` (#123125)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-08-18-08-25-32.gh-issue-123084.rf8izX.rst

:class:`!shutil.ExecError` is now a deprecated alias of

> :class:`RuntimeError`.

Reviewer: Though this exception isn't documented, it's presented in `__all__` so I think it's ok to have a `NEWS` entry here.
Additionally, I think we should add a note about this deprecation to `Doc/deprecations/pending-removal-in-future.rst` or `Doc/deprecations/pending-removal-in-3.16.rst`, this depends on the fact when this exception will be removed.

Author: I've put it under the "pending removal in future" file, should I remove the explicit 3.16 removal notice as well?

Reviewer: Let's hear Barney's opinion on that. Personally I think it's ok to remove this exception in 3.16.

Reviewer 2: I think we should explicitly slate it for removal in 3.16, so that the module `__getattr__()` doesn't stick around for too long.

Author: Would you like me to move it `Doc/deprecations/pending-removal-in-3.16.rst`, or is the "future" one fine?

Reviewer 2: > Would you like me to move it `Doc/deprecations/pending-removal-in-3.16.rst`

Yes please

> :class:`!shutil.ExecError` is now a deprecated alias of
> :class:`RuntimeError`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Deprecate :class:`!shutil.ExecError`, which hasn't been
raised by any :mod:`shutil` function since Python 3.4. It's
now an alias for :exc:`RuntimeError`.
```
